Add methods to advance eras. (#2753)
casper-network/casper-node: execution_engine_testing/test_support/CHANGELOG.md

### Added
* Added `WasmTestBuilder::get_execution_journals` method for returning execution journals for all test runs.

> * Added `WasmTestBuilder::advance_era`, `WasmTestBuilder::advance_eras_by`, and `WasmTestBuilder::advance_era`, and `WasmTestBuilder::advance_eras_by_default_auction_delay` to remove boilerplate code for tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `WasmTestBuilder::advance_era`, `WasmTestBuilder::advance_eras_by`, and `WasmTestBuilder::advance_era`, and `WasmTestBuilder::advance_eras_by_default_auction_delay` to advance chain and run auction contract in test environment.
```

### Changed
* `WasmTestBuilder::get_transforms` is deprecated in favor of `WasmTestBuilder::get_execution_journals`.
* `deploy_hash` field is now defaulted to a random value rather than zeros in `DeployItemBuilder`.

> * Replaced boilerplate code in bids.rs and distribute.rs with methods `WasmTestBuilder::advance_era`, `WasmTestBuilder::advance_eras_by`, and `WasmTestBuilder::advance_eras_by_default_auction_delay`

Reviewer: This is not necessary I think. This change is purely internal and it's not affecting users - i.e. it's not changing the API.
